Subject: Computational Methods for PDEs Summer School, August 3-5 2019

Dear colleagues,

To come right to the point, the community devoted to the numerical
solution of partial differential equations is not diverse. Most
researchers are white males, and the majority of software packages in
the area are developed by all-white all-male teams. We all lose out if
we accept this state.

An important piece in addressing this issue is building a *community*
among those who do not look like the majority. As one step towards
this, we will run the

  Computational Methods for PDEs Summer School
  Colorado State University
  Fort Collins, CO, USA
  August 3-9, 2019
  https://dealii.org/pdeschool-2019/

This summer school is geared toward undergraduate and graduate
students with an interest in the numerical solution of partial
differential equations, primarily using the finite element
method. While registration is open to everyone, we will give strong
preference to women and underrepresented groups.

The school will run August 3-5. It precedes the "Seventh deal.II
Users' and Developers' workshop" which will be held August 6-9, 2019,
also in Fort Collins, Colorado. Participants of the school will get an
introduction to deal.II and will then participate in the deal.II
workshop where they get to further build a network of peers.

Registration:
For workshop and registration information, see
  https://dealii.org/pdeschool-2019/
  
Deadline for registration: May 5, 2019. Participation is capped at
around 30.

Travel support:
A limited amount of (domestic) travel support is available courtesy of the
National Science Foundation, and will be given on a first come first serve
basis, with preference to undergraduate and graduate students. If you need
support, please state so in your registration.

The organizers
  Wolfgang Bangerth (Colorado State University)
  Juliane Dannberg (University of California, Davis)
  Timo Heister (University of Utah)
  Annalisa Quaini (University of Houston)
  Natasha Sharma (University of Texas at El Paso)



---

short version

Computational Methods for PDEs Summer School, Aug 2019

The community devoted to the numerical solution of partial differential
equations is not diverse. Most researchers are white males and most software
is developed by all-white, all-male teams. We all lose out if we accept this
state. An important piece in addressing this issue is building a *community*
among those who do not look like the majority. As one step towards this, we
will run the

  Computational Methods for PDEs Summer School
  Colorado State University
  Fort Collins, CO, USA
  August 3-9, 2019

This summer school is geared toward undergraduate and graduate students with
an interest in the numerical solution of partial differential equations,
primarily using the finite element method. While registration is open to
everyone, we will give strong preference to women and underrepresented groups.

The school will run August 3-5. It precedes the "Seventh deal.II Users' and
Developers' workshop" which will be held August 6-9, 2019, also in Fort
Collins, Colorado. Participants of the school will get an introduction to
deal.II and will then participate in the deal.II workshop.

More information and registration at https://dealii.org/pdeschool-2019/
Deadline for registration: May 5, 2019. Participation is capped at around 30.
Travel support: A limited amount of (domestic) travel support is available
courtesy of the National Science Foundation, with preference to undergraduate
and graduate students.

  Wolfgang Bangerth (Colorado State University)
  Juliane Dannberg (University of California, Davis)
  Timo Heister (University of Utah)
  Annalisa Quaini (University of Houston)
  Natasha Sharma (University of Texas at El Paso)
